well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh
how to get off the highway we're on
there are exits and we're going to talk
about a couple of them
i'm going to give you a strategy that
will work
yeah it's harder might take it will take
longer
but it's a strategy we've talked about
on this channel before and the reason i
keep going back to it is because it
works it's successful
since i started talking about this the
possibility of escalation
i've had a lot of people who have been
there
experienced it tasted the chip so to
speak
and they told me i've been doing a
really bad job of conveying exactly how
bad it is and they've given me
suggestions on how to do that
the problem is those suggestions do not
fit this channel they do not fit this
format
um this isn't a channel where i would
go into descriptive detail
it just doesn't fit but
numbers numbers can often put things in
perspective
so that's what we're going to do real
quick and i'm going to explain
why we need to get off this highway
okay everybody's familiar with syria
they had an escalation there
depending on who you ask the number of
lost
is 384 to 586 thousand
it's a wide range we're going to go in
the middle of it be around 480.
then we're going to go a little lower
we'll say 450 that way nobody can accuse
me of inflating the numbers
so 450 000 that's three times
the number that's been lost to what's
happening now
and everybody's you know kind of losing
faith in in the government
450 000 but that's only part of the
story
because in 2010 the population there was
21 million
the population in the united states is
15 times that
so if you were to scale that
and bring it to the united states on
scale
the number of lost would be six million
seven hundred and fifty thousand
the reality is it'd be worse than that
and we'll get to why here in a minute
but that's also only part of the story
you see i said in 2010 the population
was 21 million
in 2018 it was 16 million
where'd all those extra people go
four million people displaced
lost their homes if you were to scale
that you would have 60 million
people that had to leave their homes
so the total 6.75 mil
gone 60 million without homes
that's the reality of it it's not a
little thing
it's a pretty big ordeal and the reality
is in the united states it would be even
worse because we are a more developed
country we have different
skill sets most people in the united
states cannot survive without a grocery
store
and most of those they're not going to
be open during this
it's bad it's always bad
so how do we get off the highway
what do you want what do you want
you're one of the people on the street
you're one of the supporters what do you
want
you want a fair system you want an
egalitarian system a system that works
for everybody
a system where those on the bottom have
a say
so why are we waiting for biden
he's not going to fix all this yeah
is he better than trump will he put a
kindler gentler face on it will he make
some reforms yeah sure
absolutely but he's still very much an
establishment figure
and he's going to defend that system
if you want that egalitarian society
where everybody gets a fair shake
we got to start now don't wait for him
it's going to take us to do it might as
well start now
small community networks small groups of
you and your friends active
in your community actually making
positive changes
that gets noticed by the community that
gives that network
political clout the ability to influence
policy decisions
leadership from the ground up how it's
supposed to be
eventually the people in that community
will come to rely on that community
network more than they do the
establishment
there you go who has the real power
you want power to the people that's how
you achieve it
social networks and cell phones not guns
that's what would work and if you want
that society i would suggest
it might be a bad idea to take those who
are
most willing most committed those who
would put themselves on the line
and thrust them into a situation where
hierarchy and following orders
is what keeps them alive
that might undermine those beliefs
it's hard to make the transition back
from that
if that happens there's no
guarantee that that concept
that philosophy that ideology would even
make it through it might morph into
something else
you can normally see the end of
something in the beginning of it
and if the beginning of it is top-down
hierarchy
using force that's what the end's going
to be
it's what the end's going to be and
that's not what we want
right we want to just society we want a
fair society something where everybody
gets to say
we have to build it you cannot reform
the establishment systems that exist
into that
you have to build another power
structure at the same time
now the other side to this
is people are you saying get out of the
street no no you've got a right to
assemble you have a right to protest you
have a right to ask for a redress of
grievances
what i'm saying is do not cross that
line
into going on the offensive i stay on
defense and i know there's somebody out
there
military mind we have to seize the
initiative not in this
not in this if it escalates to pr
campaign with violence right
it's about being on defense at the end
of the day
the anvil always breaks the hammer
be the anvil
it's a pr campaign there's no reason
the violence has to go with it you know
there's something that's been mentioned
over and over again
and i don't understand why it's not
happening if i told you
that carrying a new york yankees banner
would get the american people behind you
when you're out there in the street
you'd probably do it you know if there
was
bona fide evidence that that was true
you'd probably do it
if you carry the american flag it will
go a long way
in the pr fight and i know there's
people no that's not what we want
represents nationalism represents
oppression
i don't believe in it anymore because
they messed me over when i got back from
iraq
i don't you know it didn't keep its
promises i get it fine
fine fine don't you don't have to
believe in it
okay but understand that if you're
carrying that
and some masked goon
draws a beat on you and that image gets
out to the american people
they're going to fall behind you they're
going to support you if one of those
distraction devices
catches an american flag on fire
who are the people going to support it's
pr campaign right
and i know there's a lot of ideologues
out there i'm not willing to make that
compromise
then you are not ready for an escalation
because once it escalates it's nothing
but compromise
moral compromise ethical compromise all
the bad ones
we got to get off this highway
if you're troubled by that idea
you're not ready for it you're not ready
for 6.75 million
60 million displaced
it's not a movie and it just gets worse
and worse and worse
and even after going through it there's
no guarantee that your side wins
maybe we should just build the system
that we want rather than trying to fight
against
a system that's been there
be to build a competing system
build one that we can be proud of
one that doesn't require compromise
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day